three minutes past eight now eats Rob
DJ's Monday night pop quiz
only on Radio one it's time for round
two of the Monday night pop quiz with me
Rob DJ yeah you've been asked the
questions now let's get the answers
that's right
Rachel over to you thanks Rob what's up
sweet crack on then first number one
when I say come you say pao chicken kung
pao chicken kung pao chicken
question number one question number one
I should number one question number one
question of one I love how you got
Kristin one I got questioning Warner all
gasp crash number now question number
one yep name the artist who had a hit
with pon de replay in September 2005
Dominick burn I remember put Jeffy Jeff
remembers Jefferson was it Jeffy Jeff
they rihana how are you Rihanna Chris
rihana it was Rehan oh why I pose Rehan
Rehan question number two number two
question number two question number two
christen up to what is the spin on the
back of a fish called Carrie dorsal Dave
the dorsal fin Chris I'm not here yeah
what is you foot the back fin the back
back of the face - what is it called
back fin intelligent guys abode in my
back what kind of boat is it back by
then don't dorsal fin okay it was dorsal
yeah I just tell you by the way the
quite my answers don't get any better
than back phone either
I find it hard this week question number
three question number three actually
number three number three item three
Roger Federer won Wimbledon this weekend
setting a new Grand Slam wins record of
how many wins Chris I don't come to me
first Dave I believe he broke Pete
Sampras's record of 14 Grand Slam making
it 15 Chris I've got 16 carry 15 Tom 15
it is 15 it stupid questions right
question number 4 I don't care I have a
big TV and an Xbox question number 4
question number 4 number 4 and 4 which
American rapper celebrated his 33rd
birthday yesterday
Chris why have you come to me again
first why do you guys I'm finding it
amusing I know I'll put it down I put 50
cent okay done I did too Carrie I didn't
know I had to guess jay-z and I know
he's older jay-z 3366 and what have we
met him I don't know I was just guessing
cookie had some bits on the show for him
sometimes did we know we've played some
bits out when he's doing Glastonbury
haven't we on the show yeah that's like
you saying that we've played I did know
Ferdinand so it would virtually add them
on the show yeah de yada have been
special guest I to put 57 57 miles high
team this is Natalie from cascada
wishing you a very good morning it was
he came into New Yorkers 25 people
there's none choice wasn't amazing and
finally question number four finally
crush number five finally question
number five finally question number five
and finally question of a fire which
matter only line on the Earth's surface
lies largely at 180 degrees longitude
Kerry oh I know I've got this wrong I
wrote the equator
Don the horizon really yeah that's why I
put the International Dateline Chris I
put equator
it's the International Dateline the
horizon is an imaginary line well we had
it before you didn't nobody cut well one
person guy tried
horizon is in the measuring line yes the
question is what imaginary line yeah
well the horizon this one yeah
that's not the answer though is still
wrong and it lies 100 injuries because
it's fat anybody get 5 out of 5
yes I did did you yeah did you really
well done Dave oh my god it's amazing
how I'm cheating 3 anybody yes
congratulations Dom anything you do that
well carry well done you able to get to
yes may you always got to which means
your poo that's right thanks nice grown
up Roma Grimes
I'll make them easy next week let's see
what that's done to the scoreboard no
back to you Rick let's not rub
who cares are at the scoreboard lets me
run the school board what a surprise
points I don't look at it as bottom I
just look at it as far away from the top
fourth you are absolutely now your Serge
because then DOM and Kari or joint
second with 21 points and say you have
24 pulling away is widening yeah anyway
as we speak stop that because we got
work to do
right Thank You Rachel yeah well you're
up DJ good bye quiz friends it's been
emotional once again yeah but I hope
you'll join me rub DJ same time back
here next time for another crazy quiz
they'll test you to the max until then
stay safe
word up hang loose and avoid the drizzle
Rob DJ out quiz over sorry got carried
away
right so there you go that was the end
of the quiz which is stupid and
pointless whenever doing it again
a lot of love for our yesterday and take
that from Wembley
between nine and ten you can hear it
again I listen again and I've got a plug
this otherwise will or go potty there's
a little take that mini page on the
website here's what you do right if you
go to leave the home page to the radio
and website Radio One online it says
take that relive the magic 64 minutes of
the Wembley gig click on that and
there's a behind-the-scenes video but
you can look at the pictures of all the
listeners would take that you can see
the gary video that you did for my
birthday
yeah greatest DJ which is brilliant here
written by dave recorded and produced by
Gary Barlow
there's behind the scenes photos and
then mister behind the scenes video of
wiping when me and Dave went and while I
interviewed the boys while Dave messed
around on the piano with Gary yeah so
all on the website go and watch the
video today if you can it's good laugh
now if you're listening closely today
you might heard me saying what are the
highlight songs for me was hold a polite
yes from the album the circuit by take
that I love this song and it's the
penultimate song on the tour and me and
Dave have been stood behind the girls as
they danced and sprayed wine everywhere
as like restricted me hold a polite can
run away right my son I'm getting right
to the front here we go and I was
hanging off the balcony wave my arms in
the air I had a great time I loved it so
that's we're gonna play right now
you